[music playing]
DAN KUSO (VOICEOVER): After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan
Interspace and forced us out, things
took a turn for the worse in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home so we
could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the Castle Knights.
Now, Earth and Neathia were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the sacred orb.
Lucky for us, we have the most powerful Bakugan,
Dragonoid Colossus on our side.
Now Drago.
Bakugan brawl!
(SINGING) What are you going to do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Got to give it your all.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hand.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You got to fight for what's right
before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
[music playing]
They're too powerful.
Ha, it seems that you don't need
to fight this battle, Dharak.
So they've come back have they?
Dan.
You're just in time.
A couple minutes earlier would have been helpful.
Barodius, it's the end for you.
DAN KUSO (VOICEOVER): The Bakugan Battle
Brawlers in Broken Spell.
[music playing]
Princess!
Aranaut!
[groaning]
Long arcules.
Hey, did you miss me Princess?
Bakugan, brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Rise Mantis Strikeflier.
Bakugan, brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Rise Aqua Lythirus!
Humble apologies for being late, sire.
Where are Kazarina and Gill?
Kazarina stayed behind to battle Princess Fabia,
and Gill's ship got damaged in the earlier attack
by the brawlers.
He's trying to fix it, but he sent us ahead to help you out
in the meantime.
Well, isn't that right, Airzel?
That's correct, your highness.
[music playing]
Ability activate.
Spit poison.
blade shield.
These guys aren't going to go down easily, Jake.
They're under the same hypnotic spell Kazerina hit us with.
I guess we have to wake them up.
Stay focused guys.
We can do this.
Ability activate, Baltic Storm.
Ability activate, spiral breaker.
Oh yeah, that's what I'm talking about Akwimos.
Ability activate, slag tornado.
Snap out of it, Jesse.
Ability activate, dark javelin.
This is for your own good, Plitheon.
Tackle gear, boost.
Axator, beam blitzer.
Nuke it.
Blasteroid.
You ready Dan?
You bet.
Whoa, I guess they weren't lying when
they said Dharak had evolved.
Let's go, Barodius.
Not quite.
If you want to fight the emperor,
you'll have to get through me first.
Ability activate, down clash!
Open wide.
DAN KUSO: Drago!
Where do you think you guys are going?
Ability activate, Megalo Skaney.
I will crush you.
Hawktor!
There you are Drago.
You're about to learn the hard way that I
am now the ultimate Bakugan.
Once again your foolish pride will be
your downfall Princess Fabia.
My spider army will ensure that Gundalia
is your final resting place.
Kazarina, Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan stand.
Rise Chaos Saboteur.
It's really good to see you again Nurzak.
Are you ready to fight Princess Fabia?
Ability activate destroy all.
Choke on this.
That old fool.
Why can't he stay gone?
Battle gear boost.
Lumagrowl, time to finish them once and for all.
Battle gear, ability activate various gear lightening.
Bring it on.
What are you doing Lumagrowl?
You just wiped out all our reinforcements.
They were not needed.
I can win this on my own.
Trust me Mistress Kazarina.
How dare you?
Who do you think you are defying my orders, Lumagrowl?
[growling]
Lumagrowl!
Let's finish this, Aranaut.
You read my mind.
OK, fine.
You'll pay later.
Oh, it's you.
Garm Talon!
PRINCESS FABIA (VOICEOVER): Interesting,
Kazarina's own Bakugan has turned against her.
We should try and use this to our advantage.
Back to our affairs.
PRINCESS FABIA (VOICEOVER): I'll keep my eyes open
for any weaknesses Lumagrowl exposes.
Then, when the time is right, we'll strike.
Barias gear!
Battle tresser two.
Lightning!
Are you really so blind, Kararina, that you can't see
emperor Barodius is merely using you just as he
has used all of the others?
Barodius only cares about taking the power
of the sacred orb for himself.
And he is fully prepared to step on anyone
he needs to in order to get it.
Be quiet you old man.
You really think you can play head games with me
you traitorous old fool?
I'm not weak-minded like the others.
Emperor Barodius is a great man.
What he's saying must be lies.
The emperor would never betray me like that.
I will be victorious for the emperor.
And then he will make me his queen.
Where is she going?
What are you doing here?
Well, Gill?
We will bring glory to Gundalia Lumagrowl.
It's time to show who's the true heroes are Krakix.
[music playing]
They're so fast.
It's a blur.
You've definitely got some batteling skills, Aerogan.
But, no matter.
I'll still crush you like an insect.
Battle gear level two.
Barias gear.
Thunder bolt!
Aerogan!
You look a little shaky there.
Maybe it's time you lay down-- for good!
Do you think I'm done?
Battle gear level two.
Battle crusher extreme!
Nick, check it out.
They're both using level two battle gear.
Intense.
Sounds like you might have some battle
gear envy going on there Mason.
Do me a favor and pipe down.
Why didn't you go to Neathia with the others Gill?
I'll be on my way shortly.
But first, there's something that you
and I need to sort out.
Oh really?
The faster you learn to keep quiet and do as you're told,
the better off we'll all be.
Or, is that too hard for you to understand, you imbecile?
You need to watch your mouth.
[screams]
Words have consequences, Kazarina.
You get back here now Gill.
Ability activate.
Hey man, what's up?
Something's happening.
What?
Where are we Contestir?
I don't know.
Do you think--
My head is so foggy.
The last thing I remember is being in that witches lab.
Kazarina did something to us.
Jesse.
Hey, that sounds like Ren.
It's good to have you back my friend.
It looks to me like Kazarina's spell has been broken.
Yeah, tell me about it, dude.
I think it's time we rally the troops again.
Good idea.
Let's go.
Well, that's quite a surprise, huh?
Looks like Kazarina's Kung Fu isn't so strong after all.
Perhaps she lost her battle against Princess Fabia.
Hey, you don't have to keep lying you know.
I was on the way to my ship just before we headed here.
Something caught my attention out of the corner of my eye.
It was you and Gill talking.
I couldn't quite make out everything you said,
but I definitely heard Kazarina's name mentioned
just before Gill scuttled off.
His ship was damaged with the brawlers attacked.
It's being repaired, but he said to go ahead and he'll catch up.
I knew there was something fishy
going on when you told me that.
Especially after what I saw.
My guess is that it wasn't Fabia who took Kasarina down.
Come on Airzel.
You know I'm onto you.
So, you may as well level with me.
Fine, you're right.
Master Gill stayed behind to take care of Kazarina.
He had enough of her.
After all of her ridicule and treachery
she deserves everything that is about to come to her.
Kazarina, there is no use in hiding.
Come out and face me.
What have we here?
What's happening here?
he's activated level three battle gear.
Barias gear, delta lion.
What?
Oh no.
End of the line for you.
What?
Battle tresser extreme.
Omni directional automatic defense system!
Let's go.
Nice one, Aranaut.
You won.
Hold up a sec, Mason.
Look over there.
What happened to Kazarina?
Mistress Kazarina.
I found her like this.
Unfortunately it was too late to help her.
But, who would do this?
I don't know for sure.
But, I do have my suspicions.
It doesn't matter who it was.
Mistress Kazarina is gone, and there's nothing
I can do to bring her back.
It was her fate.
Just as it was my fate the loose to you Aranaut.
Thank you.
That is very noble of you to say Lumagrowl.
But, I can't help but wonder if I deserve the victory.
Had you not been distracted by seeing Nurzak carrying
Kazarina, I might not have had time
to engage my defense system.
That too was part of my fate.
Another Bakugan loses his partner.
There's no time to mourn.
We must hurry back to Neathia.
Dan and the others are going to need our help against Barodius.
Ren has filled us in on everything.
Though we fought valiantly in the service of the emperor,
he turned his back on us.
He's saying we'll help you take down that weasel Barodius.
So, what do you say, Elright?
Will you accept their offer?
Let's be honest, we could use their help.
Well then, OK.
Awesome!
Let's do this.
OK, guys?
[suspenseful music]
Bakugan draw.
Bakugan stand.
Let's finish this.
Blitz Dragonoid!
I'm right behind you Drago.
I've been waiting a long time for this.
Don't forget about me.
Aw yeah.
I'll give them a taste of my darkest ray.
I still owe that pay back for hypnotizing me and Jake.
Rise Chaos Raptorix.
This one is for him.
This one is for all of us.
Someone's going to get hurt real bad.
We are going to triple the fun.
As the protector of the Sacred Orb,
they will also have to deal with I, Dragonoid Colossus.
[group] And we, the Castle Knights will also make
them pay.
You hear that Barodius?
There's no way you can win this.
You're totally outnumbered dude.
It seems like Kuso is a little confused.
Wouldn't you say so Dharak?
Maybe just a bit.
Perhaps you should correct him then.
Absolutely.
Ability activate, photon gladiator.
Seriously?
How did he do that?
With only one shot.
He took out all of the Castle Knights.
This is the level of power the evolved Phantom Dharak has now.
Are you ready to meet your maker Drago?
Let's go Dharak.
[suspenseful music]
DAN KUSO (VOICEOVER): Now that the brawlers and all
of Ren's teammates were back on Neathia,
we were gearing up for the battle of all battles
with Barodius.
We knew we'd have some major action on our hands.
But, we had no idea exactly how powerful
Phantom Dharak really was.
We took a wicked thrashing right off the top,
and no matter what move we pulled out,
Dharak still had one better.
Luckily, we came up with a plan, but I won't spoil the secret.
Tune in yourself to see what I'm talking about.
It's one crazy showdown after another,
and you won't believe who's left standing in the end.
I'm telling you, it will blow your mind.
[music playing]